I HATE HIM.
HE IS HORRIBLE.
HE'S A SWINE.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
YOU ARE SO MUCH
BETTER OFF WITHOUT HIM.
YEP.
YOU KNOW SOMETHING?
WHAT?
I'M GONNA
WIN HIM BACK.
THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT YOU SHOULD DO.
WHOO!
HEY, HEY,
WHOA WHOA WHOA!
THE HOUSE IS ON BASE.
AAH!
WHOO!
COME ON,
COME ON!
I CAN TAKE IT.
HEY, WHOA WHOA!
TIME OUT.
WHOA WHOA
WHOA WHOA!
IS THIS
EVEN WATER?
HEY, CLAUD.
HEY, LINA.
HOW'S BRIAN?
HE'S CHEATING ON ME.
UH, HOW'S
YOUR SISTER?
HE'S SLEEPING
WITH MY SISTER.
OH GOD,
OH, UM...
YOU LOOK GREAT.
LEAVE.
LEAVE!
YOU--GO!
ARE YOU SURE?
I'M VERY.
AND NOW I'M WET?
I--I'M SORRY, HONEY.
Boys:
AAH!
AAH! I SAID
THE HOUSE IS ON BASE!
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOUR
LITTLE WATER FIGHT?
CAN'T HAVE
A WATER FIGHT
IN THE RAIN.
YOU DON'T KNOW
WHO'S WINNING.
DUH.
9. 1, 2, 3--
NO, NO.
THAT'S MINE.
I'M THE CAR.
YOU'RE THE HAT.
I DON'T WANNA
BE THE HAT.
TOUGH.
BUT IT DOESN'T
MAKE ANY SENSE.
WHY WOULD A HAT
BUY A HOTEL?
WELL, WHY WOULD
A WHEELBARROW
GO TO JAIL?
OK? SO DON'T
OVERTHINK IT.
MONOPOLY.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU WANT US
TO DEAL YOU IN?
ABSOLUTELY.
OH--OH. WE LOST
ALL THE OTHER
GAME TOKENS.
THAT'S
ALL RIGHT, JIMMY.
I'LL BE THE GUM.
UH-UH.
NO, NO.
DON'T BE GUM.
RELAX. I'LL PUT
IT ON A PENNY.
ROLL FOR ME.
I'M GONNA
GO GRAB A BEER.
OH, WHOA. NO, NO.
DON'T GO IN THERE, MAN.
WHY?
'CAUSE THERE'S, YOU KNOW,
THERE'S LIKE A SITUATION.
SOMEBODY PUKE?
NOT YET.
HOW'S SHE DOIN'?
OH, SHE IS
A WHIMPERING PUDDLE
OF BITTERNESS
AND SELF-LOATHING.
CAN I COME
LISTEN?
YOU WOULDN'T
LIKE IT, HONEY.
THAT'S WHAT YOU
SAY WHEN YOU
CAN'T THINK
OF A REAL REASON
FOR ME NOT
TO DO SOMETHING.
YOU GOT IT.
HONEY, WHY IS IT
THAT AN INCREDIBLE
WOMAN LIKE LINA
CANNOT FIND
ONE DECENT GUY, HUH?
LINA?
OH, NO.
LINA.
NO, NO.
IS SHE THE ONE
WITH THE FAT SISTER,
OR IS SHE
THE FAT SISTER?
HER SISTER'S
NOT THAT FAT.
OH, SO LINA'S
THE HOT ONE.
YOU GOT
A MINT, ANYBODY?
I--
SEAN, PLEASE.
YOU--
YOU ARE NOT
GOIN' IN THERE.
YEAH, NO. YOU GO IN
AND TALK ME UP--
NO!
SEAN, THIS IS
YOUR BROTHER.
YEAH, THAT'S
THE POINT, DAD.
SO, IT'D KILL YA
TO PUT IN A GOOD WORD
FOR YOUR OWN BROTHER?
I'VE PUT IN GOOD WORDS
FOR HIM BEFORE,
AND IT ALWAYS
BITES ME IN THE ASS.
WHOA. EXCUSE ME,
MR. PENNIX.
FINNERTY.
THIS IS, UH, MY BROTHER
I TOLD YOU ABOUT.
FOR THE JOB?
AND YOU'LL
VOUCH FOR HIM?
ABSOLUTELY, SIR.
HE'S A REAL TEAM PLAYER.
HE'S WILLING TO START
FROM THE BOTTOM,
WORK HIS WAY UP.
WHAT?
ALL RIGHT.
I GOT AN OPENING
FOR A LINE
INSPECTOR
ON THE 4-5-6.
YOU START
ON MONDAY.
WHOA, WHOA.
SIR, A LINE INSPECTOR.
COME ON. THAT'S
BETTER THAN MY JOB.
I'VE BEEN HERE
FOR YEARS.
YOU'RE
TOO VALUABLE
TO ME DOWN HERE,
FINNERTY.
MR.--MR. PENNIX!
LINE INSPECTORS
DON'T DO ANYTHING!
SWEET.
I DIDN'T KNOW EDDIE
WORKED IN THE SUBWAY.
A DAY AND A HALF.
I COULDN'T DEAL
WITH THE HAT, MAN.
IT WAS LIKE PUSHIN'
DOWN ON MY HAIR
AND EVERYTHING.
HOW COULD YOU
VOUCH FOR THAT
CAT-CHUCKING
BATH MAT,
FINNERTY?!
WHAT, HAVE YOU
GOT YOUR HEAD
UP YOUR HATCH?!
THAT BROTHER
OF YOURS IS
A NO-GOOD
FRY-EATIN'
PUDDLE MUGGER!
I JUST WASN'T MADE
TO WORK IN YOUR
9-TO-5 WORLD.
OH, REALLY. 'CAUSE I LOVE
SPENDIN' 10 HOURS A DAY
IN A RAT-INFESTED TUNNEL.
THAT'S WHAT
I'M SAYIN'.
EDDIE'S SENSITIVE.
HE'LL FIND HIS WAY.
OH, NO, NO.
EVER SINCE WE WERE
KIDS, YOU'VE ALWAYS
SIDED WITH EDDIE.
THE FORCE
IS WITH ME.
AH, QUIT IT!
DAD, SEAN TOOK
MY STICK.
SEAN, GIVE YOUR
BROTHER HIS STICK.
BUT HE KEEPS
HITTING ME WITH IT.
HE DOESN'T
KNOW ANY BETTER.
NOW GIVE HIM
HIS STICK.
DON'T HIT ME.
I WON'T.
AAH! DAD!
NOBODY LIKES
A WHINER, SEAN.
YOU HAVE ALWAYS
TAKEN HIS SIDE.
WHAT DID I SAY
ABOUT THE WHINING?
DAD, HENRY
PUT THE DICE
IN HIS MOUTH.
IT'S FOR LUCK.
COME ON. COME ON,
HENRY. ROLL. ROLL.
SNAKE EYES.
I ROLL AGAIN.
AH, GREAT. THERE GO
THE MARGARITAS.
SEE, NOW WOULD BE
A PERFECT TIME
TO GO IN THERE
AND TALK ME UP.
SEE, I THOUGHT I'D
BEEN CLEAR ON THIS.
I'M NOT GONNA
GO DO THAT.
WHY NOT?
BECAUSE I'VE TALKED YOU
UP TO WOMEN BEFORE--
MANY TIMES--AND IT
ALWAYS TURNS INTO
A NIGHTMARE.
HE'S A GREAT GUY.
VERY FUNNY.
HE'S GOT A LOT
OF POTENTIAL.
IS HE WEIRD?
WEIRD NO.
EDDIE'S NOT WEIRD.
CLAUDIA...HE--
HE'S INTERESTING.
Sean: INTERESTING.
Claudia: YEAH.
NOW WHEN WE GET UP
TO THE DOORMAN,
IT WOULDN'T HURT
TO SHOW A LITTLE SKIN.
BUT I THOUGHT YOU SAID
YOU KNOW THE GUY.
I KNOW THE GUY, BUT I KNOW
HE LIKES A LITTLE SKIN.
OK, WHY DON'T YOU
JUST SLIP HIM
SOME MONEY?
I HAVE TO EARN MONEY.
HER SKIN IS SOMETHING
SHE ALREADY HAS.
IT'S RENEWABLE.
IT'S LIKE SOLAR POWER.
I THINK PERVERT
IS A LITTLE UNFAIR.
I WANT
MY CROCK-POT BACK.
Sean: AND THEN
THERE WAS FAYE.
YEAH, CLAUDIA.
IT WENT WELL.
ACTUALLY, IT'S
STILL GOING WELL.
FAYE, WHERE'D YOU GET THESE
OLIVES? THEY'RE DELISH.
ARE YOU WEARING
MY BLOUSE?
I WAS COLD.
WHAT? YOU'RE
WEARING MINE.
Sean: FAYE, FAYE,
I'M SORRY.
FAYE, PLEASE.
I HOPE THIS DOESN'T
COME BETWEEN US.
I MEAN, YOU ARE
JIMMY'S GODMOTHER.
LET EDDIE BE
HIS GODMOTHER.
Sean: AND THEN
THERE WAS MARGOT.
UH, I'LL HAVE
THE SCUNGILLI,
AND THE LADY WILL HAVE
LINGUINE WITH CLAMS.
OH, NO. I CAN'T.
YES, YOU CAN. SHE'LL HAVE
THE LINGUINE WITH CLAMS.
UH, NO, NO.
I'M ALLERGIC TO CLAMS.
I'LL DIE.
NO, NO.
THEY'RE REALLY GOOD.
TRUST ME.
Eddie: I'LL CALL YA.
WHEN?
DON'T SMOTHER ME.
LOOK, IT'S NOT
EDDIE'S FAULT.
HE'S ALWAYS HAD TO BAT
WOMEN OFF WITH A STICK.
DO WOMEN LIKE THAT?
JUST KEEP YOUR HEAD
IN THE GAME, SON.
WHO IS IT?
UH, IT'S SOME GUY
TRYIN' TO GIVE ME
A JOB.
DELETE.
WHY DON'T YOU
PUT IT ON VIBRATE?
GOOD IDEA.
WHAT'S VIBRATE?
VIBRATE IS THIS.
THAT TICKLES.
...SHAVE.
COME ON!
HEY, YOUR BUTT'S
KINDA HAIRY.
I'M GOIN' INTO
THE KITCHEN.
ANYBODY
WANT ANYTHING?
YEAH, I'D LIKE YOU NOT
TO GO INTO THE KITCHEN,
AS INSTRUCTED.
AND GET ME A BEER.
I GOT IT.
THIS ONE TIME, RIGHT
IN THE MIDDLE OF IT,
HE ASKED IF HE
COULD CALL ME MOMMY.
I MEAN, SICK!
I MEAN, THE TIME HE
WAS PRANCING AROUND
IN MY UNDERWEAR
WAS BAD ENOUGH,
BUT DID YOU EVER
IN YOUR LIFE--
STOP.
HI, LILY.
HI, MOM. HI, LINA.
WHAT ARE YOU
DOIN', HONEY?
NOTHING. JUST PRETEND
I'M NOT EVEN HERE.
SO ANYWAY,
THE NEXT MORNING
I FIND HIM CURLED UP
ON THE COUCH,
IN THE FETAL
POSITION,
WEEPING, NAKED--
HOW LONG YOU GONNA BE?
NOT LONG. I'M JUST
GETTIN' SOME STUFF
AND...MAKIN' SOME FUDGE.
REALLY?
AND, UM, WHAT DO YOU
MAKE FUDGE WITH?
UM...MAYONNAISE?
GET OUT.
ALL RIGHT, HENRY.
I'M GONNA TRADE YOU
PACIFIC AVENUE
FOR ST. JAMES PLACE.
BUT I LIKE THE ORANGES.
SURE, SURE.
BUT YOU GOT 2 GREENS
AND ONLY ONE ORANGE,
AND IF YOU GET
PACIFIC AVENUE,
YOU'LL HAVE WHAT?
NO ORANGES.
TRUE. TRUE.
OK, BUT YOU'LL
ALSO HAVE A...
LACK OF ORANGES.
NO, NO. YOU'LL
HAVE A MONOPOLY!
A MONOPOLY!
YOU WANT THAT.
IT'S GOOD.
DON'T DO IT.
DAD, STAY OUT OF THIS.
IT'S A BUM DEAL.
YOU LIKE TRAINS,
DON'T YA, HENRY?
YEAH.
WELL, THEN GIVE ME ALL
OF THOSE PURPLES AND YELLOWS,
AND I'LL GIVE YOU
THE B&O RAILROAD.
NO, NO.
IT'S A RIPOFF! NO!
WHOO WHOO!
Sean: OH, COME ON.
YO, WHERE'S
MY BEER?
THEY DRANK
'EM ALL.
MAN, LINA IS SO
DESPERATE AND NEEDY.
OH, SEANY,
YOU'RE
KILLIN' ME.
YOU GOTTA
GET ME AN IN.
NOPE.
BUT DESPERATE
WOMEN LOVE ME.
YOU SEE, I WOULD IF
YOU COULD NAME
ONE WOMAN I HOOKED
YOU UP WITH
THAT DIDN'T
TURN INTO
A TOTAL CATASTROPHE.
WHAT ABOUT ABBY?
ABBY?
ABBY?!
ABBY.
ABBY!
ABIGAIL.
WE'RE TALKIN'
ABOUT ABBY.
ABBY.
WHO'S ABBY?!
ABBY SELLS
RESTAURANT SUPPLIES.
OH, AND, UH, EDDIE
EATS AT RESTAURANTS
ALL THE TIME,
AND HE'S ALWAYS
COMMENTING ON
THE SUPPLIES, RIGHT?
RIGHT.
WHAT ARE YOU
LOOKIN' AT?
YOU GOT SOME CRUD
IN THE CORNER
OF YOUR EYE.
GOT IT.
MAKE A WISH.
YOU GET YOUR WISH?
UH, YOU STILL
WEARIN' UNDERWEAR?
WHO SAYS I WAS?
CHECK, PLEASE.
UH, CHECK.
ACTUALLY, HE CAME
BACK TO MY PLACE.
YEAH,
AND HE'S STILL HERE.
OH, I GOTTA GO.
I'LL CALL YOU LATER.
OK, BYE.
HEY, IS THAT
MY SHIRT?
LOOKIN' GOOD.
GIVE MAMA SOME OF
THAT SWEET STUFF.
THAT'S WHAT
YOU'RE HOLDING UP
AS AN EXAMPLE?
HEY, WE WENT OUT
FOR 2 MONTHS.
OH, YEAH.
AND THEN WHAT HAPPENED
AFTER THE 2 MONTHS?
AH, COME ON, SEAN.
WHAT'S THE HARM
IN LETTIN' YOUR BROTHER
HAVE A CRACK AT THE LUSH
IN THE KITCHEN?
NO. NO WAY. UH-UH.
OK. I'M GONNA
GO BY MYSELF.
NO, YOU'RE NOT.
WHERE DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE GOIN'?
IN THE KITCHEN.
UH-UH. OH, NO.
'CAUSE IF YOU GO
IN THE KITCHEN,
YOU'RE DEAD.
I GOT YOU!
SORRY!
COME ON! COME ON!
WHAT ARE
YOU DOIN'?
COME ON, EDDIE!
LOOK OUT!
OH, LOOK OUT!
EDDIE'S HITTIN'
HIMSELF, DAD.
EDDIE'S HITTIN' HIMSELF.
COME ON! COME ON!
AHH.
OH.
LOOK WHAT YOU DID.
NAW, I DIDN'T
DO THAT.
SHIRT COST 80 BUCKS.
SHUT UP,
THE BOTH OF YA!
HEY, HEY, HEY!
HE SAID I TORE
HIS SHIRT.
I DON'T KNOW WHY
YOU'RE MAKING
SUCH A BIG DEAL
ABOUT THIS,
SEAN.
DAD, IF YOU KNEW
WHAT HAPPENED
WITH ABBY,
YOU WOULDN'T WANT HIM
GOING IN THAT KITCHEN.
WHY,
WHAT HAPPENED?
WE DON'T NEED
TO GO INTO THIS.
TELL ME!
LEFT-HANDED.
EYES CLOSED.
NOTHIN' BUT NET.
SO, ABBY,
SHE'S TERRIFIC.
ISN'T SHE GREAT?
YEAH. YOU DON'T MEET
PEOPLE LIKE THAT
EVERY DAY...
YOU KNOW, PEOPLE
WHO CAN STAND YOU.
YEAH. SHE'S ONE
IN A MILLION.
MAN, I GOTTA
GET RID OF HER.
SO WHY
WOULD YOU WANT
TO GET RID OF HER
IF IT WAS GOIN'
SO WELL?
BECAUSE HE'S EDDIE.
HEY, I HAD
MY REASONS.
IT'S FREAKIN' ME OUT,
MAN.
I SEE HER ALMOST
EVERY DAY.
WHEN I DON'T SEE HER,
I TALK TO HER
ON THE PHONE.
SO SHE CALLS YOU.
SO WHAT?
NO, YOU AREN'T
LISTENING TO ME,
MAN.
I CALL HER.
HEY. HEY,
DON'T FREAK OUT.
COME ON,
ACCEPT IT.
YOU'RE IN
A RELATIONSHIP.
EXCUSE ME?
WHAT DO YOU KNOW
ABOUT RELATIONSHIPS?
YOU'VE BEEN SLEEPING
WITH THE SAME WOMAN
SINCE 1986.
YEAH. WE'RE MARRIED.
IT'S A RUT.
LOOK, EITHER ACCEPT
THIS THING OR END IT,
AND IF YOU'RE
GONNA END IT...HEY...
BE A MAN ABOUT IT.
MAKE A CLEAN BREAK.
YEAH.
I GOTTA DO
THE RIGHT THING.
AH! IT'S NOT
EVEN MY BIRTHDAY!
MY HUSBAND
IS SO SWEET.
"WITH DEEPEST SYMPATHY
IN YOUR TIME OF GRIEF."
IS THAT SUPPOSED
TO MAKE YOU HOT?
"GOOD
HEY, I GOT
A DELI PLATTER HERE
FOR THE FAMILY
OF THE LATE
EDWIN FINNERTY.
WHAT?
IT'S COOL.
I GOT IT.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
HE'S NOT
DEAD.
OH. I'M SORRY.
NO, NO, NO.
GIVE IT HERE.
HEY, WE'RE
IN MOURNING.
SALAMI. MAN, THEY DIDN'T
KNOW ME AT ALL!
THEY PROBABLY
DIDN'T THINK
YOU'D BE EATING IT.
I'M NOT FOLLOWING.
HE TOLD ABBY
HE WAS DEAD.
I DID NOT.
IF I TOLD HER
I WAS DEAD,
THEN SHE WOULD KNOW
I WASN'T DEAD.
OK, OK, PARDON ME.
I'M SORRY.
NO, HE HAD HIS BUDDY
KENNY DO IT.
SO KENNY
CALLS HER UP,
AND HE SAYS THAT--
CORRECT ME
IF I'M WRONG--
YOU FELL OFF
THE STATEN ISLAND
FERR--
I WAS PUSHED.
HE WAS PUSHED OFF
THE STATEN ISLAND
FERRY.
THEN HE WAS PULLED--
SUCKED.
SUCKED INTO
THE PROPELLERS,
RIGHT?
THEN HE TELLS HER
THERE'S THIS BIG
COVER-UP,
SO IF SHE
GOES AROUND ASKING
TOO MANY QUESTIONS,
THE FERRY PEOPLE
ARE GONNA
CHASE HER DOWN
AND SHUT HER UP
FOR GOOD.
OOH HOO. HA HA.
I AM SO SORRY
ABOUT EDDIE.
TAKE THESE
TANGELOS.
HE--HE'S NOT DEAD.
IT WILL HELP
IF YOU TALK ABOUT IT.
HE'S NOT DEAD.
ACCEPTANCE WILL COME
IN TIME, MY SON.
HE'S NOT DEAD.
WHAT I'M SAYING IS
HE'S ALIVE.
YES, YOU'RE RIGHT,
VERY MUCH ALIVE...
WITH THE LORD.
HE'S NOT DEAD!
NO, NO!
HE'S ALIVE.
HE ALIVE!
NO, HE'S ALIVE!
YES, HE IS.
RIGHT. I MEAN
HE'S ALIVE,
AS IN NOT DEAD.
HE ALIVE!
NO!
YES!
IN HERE.
YES, HE IS.
AMEN.
WAIT. WAS THIS
ABOUT 4 MONTHS AGO?
UH-HUH.
'CAUSE PEOPLE KEPT
COMING UP AND SAYING
THEY FELT SORRY FOR ME,
BUT I THOUGHT THEY JUST
MEANT IN GENERAL.
ALL RIGHT, SO I TOLD
A LITTLE WHITE LIE
TO SPARE SOMEBODY'S
FEELINGS.
SO WHAT?
NO, YOU LED HER
TO BELIEVE YOU WERE
DECEASED.
WELL, IT SHOWS
A GOOD HEART.
AW, COME ON, DAD!
OK, I'LL GIVE YOU
$1,000 FOR BOARDWALK.
IT'S NOT FOR SALE.
$100,000.
THERE AREN'T EVEN
$100,000 IN MONOPOLY.
$500 AND 2...
REAL DOLLARS.
I CAN LIVE WITH THAT.
OK, WHAT WAS
THAT FOR?
I JUST LOVE
MY SEANY,
THAT'S ALL.
AND I LOVE YOU,
TOO, BABY.
OH, HEY, BABY,
DO ME A FAVOR, OK?
DON'T OPERATE
ANY MORE MACHINERY
TONIGHT, ALL RIGHT?
EVEN THE BLENDER?
ESPECIALLY
THE BLENDER.
HOW SWEET.
HE DOESN'T WANT ME
TO GET MAIMED.
HA HA...
THAT'S RIGHT.
HOW'S LENA
LENA IS A SUPERFINE
CATCH WITH A LOT
TO OFFER...
AND ANY MAN
WHO BREAKS HER HEART
IS NOTHING BUT
A BASTARD MAN!
SET US UP.
HA!
SO THIS WHOLE
FAKING-YOUR-DEATH
THING WORKED?
OF COURSE IT DID.
I MEAN, HOW COULD A PLAN
THAT BRILLIANT FAIL?
ALL RIGHT...
EYES CLOSED,
OFF THE BACKBOARD,
NO RIM.
WHY DO YOU ALWAYS
CALL CRAP YOU KNOW
YOU CAN'T MAKE?
JUST TRYING
TO PSYCHE YOU OUT.
OH, WELL, HEY...
GOOD STRATEGY.
I'M REALLY
INTIMIDATED.
EDDIE?
I'VE COME BACK...
TO TELL YOU
TO LET GO.
YOU'RE ALIVE!
OK.
KENNY SAID
YOU WERE DEAD.
NO, HE DIDN'T.
YES, HE DID.
NO, I THINK
YOU'RE CONFUSED.
RIGHT
YOU'RE ON YOUR OWN
ON THIS ONE, BUDDY.
NO, NO, NO, NO.
SOMEBODY...
SOMEBODY DIED.
WHO WAS IT?
IT WAS--
OH, OH,
OH, MY GOD.
WASN'T ME.
OW!
AH...
OH! OH!
EDDIE...
WHOA!
YEAH. NEXT MORNING,
BOOM! SHE DUMPED ME.
POOR EDDIE.
OH, NO, NO, NO.
NOT "POOR EDDIE."
POOR EVERYBODY ELSE.
HEY, I SUFFER, TOO.
SUFF--YOU NEVER
SUFFER. COME ON.
YOU DO WHATEVER
YOU WANT, AND IT JUST
ROLLS OFF YOUR BACK.
OK, LET'S FORGET IT.
ALWAYS.
ALL RIGHT, GREAT.
ALL RIGHT, LATER.
YEAH, LATER.
OK, BYE! BYE!
WELL, NOW THAT
HE'S GONE, WHO'S GONNA
BE THE GUM PENNY?
WHO CARES?
JUST TAKE IT
OFF THE TABLE.
WELL, I HOPE YOU'RE
PROUD OF YOURSELF.
HOW WOULD YOU LIKE IT
IF YOUR BROTHER TOLD
THAT ABBY STORY ABOUT YOU?
WELL, THAT DOESN'T
WORK AS AN ARGUMENT,
DAD, OK?
BECAUSE IF HE TOLD
THAT STORY ABOUT ME,
HE'D BE LYING.
BUT ADMIT IT...
IT WOULD STING.
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM,
DAD. WHAT'S WRONG?
WELL, YOU--YOU NEVER
CUT ME ANY SLACK AT ALL,
AND EDDIE DOES
WHATEVER HE WANTS,
AND YOU JUST--
YOU DO BACKFLIPS
TO DEFEND HIM.
EDDIE'S...EDDIE.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
THAT I EXPECT
MORE FROM YOU.
REALLY?
WELL, WHAT,
ARE YOU GONNA GET
ALL BLUBBERY NOW?
NO.
THANKS. YOU KNOW,
THAT MEANS A LOT
COMING FROM YOU, AND...
ALL RIGHT,
WHO LANDED
ON MARVIN GARDENS?
HENRY, WHERE
ARE THE DICE?
THEY'RE
SOMEWHERE
ON MY BODY.
THAT IS REALLY
NOT SANITARY.
BUT IT'S REALLY FUN.
AND WHEN HE TOUCHED ME...
IT WAS LIKE FRANTIC
MONKEY FINGERS
MOVING ACROSS
MY NAKED BODY.
WHOA.
AND THE WAY
WE SCREAMED
AS WE--
AAH! LILY...
NOT NOW, MOM.
GO ON.
YOU WERE
SCREAMING.
MM-HMM.
UPSTAIRS.
WHAT A GYP.
EDDIE, EDDIE,
HEY, I...
I'M SORRY I--
I TORE YOUR SHIRT.
OH, THAT'S
ALL RIGHT, MAN.
IT ONLY COST 10 BUCKS.
OH, COME ON.
YOU SAID IT COST
80 BUCKS BACK IN THERE.
IT HAD AN $80 VALUE.
YOU KNOW, I REALLY
CARED ABOUT ABBY.
WELL, YEAH.
YOU SHOULD HAVE
THOUGHT ABOUT THAT
BEFORE YOU DIED, RIGHT?
WHAT IS THAT?
WHY ARE YOU
ALWAYS ON ME?
I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S JUST, YOU GOT--
YOU GOT ALL THIS FREEDOM,
YOU KNOW?
Y-Y-YOU COME AND GO
AS YOU PLEASE.
YOU DO WHATEVER YOU WANT.
NOTHIN' TIES YOU DOWN.
I GOT MARRIED
WHEN I WAS 18.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT THAT'S LIKE.
HEY, LOOKIT,
YOU GOT YOUR HOUSE.
YOU GOT CLAUDIA.
YOU GOT THE KIDS.
YOU GOT SOME KIND
OF JOB YOU GO TO.
YOU KNOW...
WHY DO YOU THINK
I HANG AROUND HERE
ALL THE TIME?
I DON'T KNOW.
I THOUGHT, YOU KNOW,
HEY, FREE CABLE, FOOD...
NO, KENNY'S GOT CABLE.
SO, YOU WANNA--
WHAT?
I DON'T KNOW,
YOU KNOW...
YEAH, OK.
COME WITH ME.
I'M GOING TO CALL YOU A CAB.
OK.
IT'S RAINING,
AND I THINK YOU MIGHT
HAVE BEEN DRINKING.
I MIGHT HAVE BEEN.
MM-HMM.
OH, I COULD
GIVE YOU A RIDE.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO.
AH, I'D LIKE TO.
I'M LINA.
I'M EDDIE.
BYE, CLAUD.
CALL ME.
YOU HAVE REALLY
BEAUTIFUL HAIR.
REALLY? THANKS.
OH, I KNOW A GUY
WHO'D GIVE YOU
$100 BUCKS FOR IT.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
YEAH.
LOT OF BODY, BOUNCE.
AND SO, WHAT EXACTLY
WOULD THEY DO WITH MY HAIR?
WELL, THEY'D MAKE A NICE
LITTLE HANDBAG OUT OF IT.
AH, YOUNG LOVE.
OH, YEAH.
CUTE COUPLE.
I GIVE IT
24 HOURS.
WHAT?
SHE'S GONNA DUMP HIM
LIKE DAMP GARBAGE.
HE IS CLASSIC
REBOUND GUY.
REALLY?
OH, YEAH.
HE'S NONTHREATENING,
MODERATELY CLEAN,
AND IF YOU NEVER
SEE HIM AGAIN,
WHO CARES?
THAT'S MY BROTHER.
YEP.
HE IS GONNA LOOK
VERY CUTE IN THAT
BLOUSE, THOUGH.
MMM.
OH, GOD! YOU MADE ME
PICTURE IT! OH!
1, 2, 3, B&O.
I OWN THAT.
$100, MOM.
WELL, THAT'S NOT ENOUGH.
HOW ABOUT $200,
AND $200 FOR YOU, JIMMY?
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
WHAT'S...
WHAT YOU DOING
WITH ALL MY MONEY?
SEAN, THESE ARE
OUR CHILDREN.
DON'T YOU WANT
TO SEE THEM ENJOY IT
WHILE WE'RE STILL ALIVE?
NO.
I COULD USE A COUPLE
OF HUNDRED DOLLARS
TO TIDE ME OVER
WHILE I'M IN JAIL.
Claudia: YOU POOR MAN.
Sean: OH, GOD, NO,
NO, NO, NO.
PLEASE SCOOT OVER.
COME ON, GIVE ME
MY PLACE BACK.
COME ON, DAD.
AH.
WHY IS THIS PENNY
STUCK TO MY ELBOW?